----- CWUSHELL MANUAL -----
	NAME
		cwushell - a simple shell program
 	DESCRIPTION
 		cwushell is a simple recreation of a shell program. It is a command
		line interpreter that accepts user input and executes commands. The				shell currently houses some commands, these being: exit, prompt, 
		fileinfo, osinfo. The shell also is able to use other linux commands
            such as ls, cd, and mkdir, and will do so when a built-in command is
            not found and the user says yes to a prompt
      COMMANDS
     		exit
      		Exits the shell program. If no arguments are given, the program
     			will exit with a status of 0. If an integer argument is given,
     			the program will exit with that status.
      	prompt
      		Sets the prompt to the given string. If no string is given, the
      		prompt will be set to the default prompt.
            fileinfo
                  Prints out information about the given file. If no file is given,
                  the program will print out information about the current directory.
            	If a file is given, the program will print out information about
           		that file. If a switch is given, the program will print out
           		information about the file, depending on the switch given.
            osinfo
            	Prints out information about the operating system. Switches provided
           		will give detailed file system information, blocks, or max characters
             	for a file name.
	CONTINUED
		Use 'command --help' or 'command -h 'for more information about a command.


---- CWUSHELL COMMANDS ----


	PROMPT
		prompt - sets the prompt to the given string\n"
	DESCRIPTION\n"
            prompt is a command that sets the shell prompt to the given string. If no\n"
     		string is given, the prompt will be set to the default prompt.\n"
      COMMANDS\n"
            prompt\n"
              	Sets the prompt to the default prompt.\n"
            prompt [string]\n"
            	Sets the prompt to the given string.\n"
            prompt -h or prompt --help\n"
                  Prints out information about the prompt command.\n\n";